Sorry i didn't get you! 
hi there!
what is your name
hi
hello precious customer, how may  i help you
how to pay
you can pay through various online methods or during delivery
when will  my  order arrive
your delivery date will be confirmed before checkout. Deliveries are made betweeen 8am and 10pm during weekdays. You can check order tracking page to know about your order',
does rentstation rent wedding dresses
we do not offer traditional wedding dresses for women. However, you can choose from any other styles we offer on our site
Are there dresses for kids
Currently, we only rent dresses for men and women of various sizes
how to send back returns
You can pack your rentals in a bag and return it to the nearest return station
How do I cancel my order
You can cancel your order if your order is under review. You cannot cancel if it is already processed
What if the dress do not fit me
Since various designers have various sizing standards, sometimes the clothes may not fit you. In such case, we offer exchange policy. However, returns and refund is not allowed
How do 4 or 8 day Reserve rentals work
Select the dress you prefer to rent and then select delivery date 2 days before your event. We ship your order 1-2 days before your event. Try everything and if you  don't like it, we provide a replacement
How long can i rent dress
we offer 4 or 8 day reservations. If you choose 4 day plan then you should return the dress at the 5th day. Choose an 8 day  plan when you know you won't be able to return items right away
How do I know dress will fit
We understand fit can be nerve-wracking. We recommend checking item's reviews and photos from other customers and learn about each item's unique fit. If it doesn't fit, we will definitely exchange it for you
I've placed order. What to do now
Your order will ship 1-2 days before your rental date begin. Once it's shipped, you can track your order in real-time.
Where is my order number
Click the my account icon and then select Order History. You will find your order number as well as other details there
My order has not arrived
We are so sorry for the inconvenience. Please give us a call at +9779849472100 to know about your order
What do i do if I receive a damaged item
If you receive a damaged item, we'll do everything we can to give you a free replacement. Please try on your order immediately after you  receive it. The sooner we know there's an issue, the sooner we can get you a replacement
How do i make changes to my order
If we haven't started packing your order, you can change your rental begin date, change sizes, or update shipping address
Can i buy dress
Rent Station is designed only for renting dresses, so buying is not possible
How can i contact Rent Station
Email us at support@rentstation.com or call us at 01-5555123 or +977 9849472112
How are clothes cleaned
We use variety  of techniques to ensure that each garment is thoroughly cleaned, steamed and pressed, inspected for  quality, and carefully packaged to make sure it arrives ready to wear
